lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/Book.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.Book
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/responses/GetAllBooksResponse.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.responses.GetAllBooksResponse
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/Book.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.Book
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/Book.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.Book
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/database/Database.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.database.Database
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/database/Database.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.database.Database
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/requests/RemoveBookRequest.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.requests.RemoveBookRequest
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/database/Database.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.database.Database
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/services/AddBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.services.AddBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.BookListApplication
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/requests/GetAllBooksRequest.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.requests.GetAllBooksRequest
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/services/GetAllBooksService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.services.GetAllBooksService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/requests/AddBookRequest.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.requests.AddBookRequest
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/responses/AddBookResponse.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.responses.AddBookResponse
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/services/AddBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.services.AddBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.BookListApplication
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/services/AddBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.services.AddBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/requests/AddBookRequest.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.requests.AddBookRequest
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/Book.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.Book
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.BookListApplication
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/requests/GetAllBooksRequest.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.requests.GetAllBooksRequest
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/requests/RemoveBookRequest.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.requests.RemoveBookRequest
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.BookListApplication
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/services/RemoveBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.services.RemoveBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/services/AddBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.services.AddBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/responses/RemoveBookResponse.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.responses.RemoveBookResponse
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/services/GetAllBooksService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.services.GetAllBooksService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/database/Database.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.database.Database
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/services/RemoveBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.services.RemoveBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/responses/RemoveBookResponse.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.responses.RemoveBookResponse
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/services/RemoveBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.services.RemoveBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/core/responses/AddBookResponse.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.core.responses.AddBookResponse
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/services/GetAllBooksService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.services.GetAllBooksService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_6_input_data_validation/before/core/responses/GetAllBooksResponse.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_6_input_data_validation.before.core.responses.GetAllBooksResponse
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/code/before/services/RemoveBookService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.code.before.services.RemoveBookService
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/after/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.after.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation/homework/step_5_srp_request_response/before/services/GetAllBooksService.java
 lesson_3_request_response_input_data_validation.homework.step_5_srp_request_response.before.services.GetAllBooksService
