dental_clinic/console_ui/InputCheckUtility.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.InputCheckUtility
dental_clinic/console_ui/AddVisitUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.AddVisitUIAction
dental_clinic/console_ui/DeletePatientUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.DeletePatientUIAction
dental_clinic/core/services/GetPatientsService.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.GetPatientsService
dental_clinic/console_ui/DentalClinic.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.DentalClinic
dental_clinic/core/requests/AddPatientRequest.java
 dental_clinic.core.requests.AddPatientRequest
dental_clinic/DentalClinicApplication.java
 dental_clinic.DentalClinicApplication
dental_clinic/core/services/DeletePatientService.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.DeletePatientService
dental_clinic/core/responses/AddPatientResponse.java
 dental_clinic.core.responses.AddPatientResponse
dental_clinic/core/services/FindPatientBySurnameService.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.FindPatientBySurnameService
dental_clinic/core/domain/Visit.java
 dental_clinic.core.domain.Visit
dental_clinic/core/services/AddPatientService.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.AddPatientService
dental_clinic/core/domain/Patient.java
 dental_clinic.core.domain.Patient
dental_clinic/core/services/GetSpecificPatientHistoryService.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.GetSpecificPatientHistoryService
dental_clinic/console_ui/AddPatientUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.AddPatientUIAction
dental_clinic/database/PatientDatabaseImpl.java
 dental_clinic.database.PatientDatabaseImpl
dental_clinic/console_ui/PrintSpecificPatientHistoryUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.PrintSpecificPatientHistoryUIAction
dental_clinic/core/responses/CoreResponse.java
 dental_clinic.core.responses.CoreResponse
dental_clinic/core/domain/PersonalData.java
 dental_clinic.core.domain.PersonalData
dental_clinic/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.ExitUIAction
dental_clinic/console_ui/FindPatientBySurnameUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.FindPatientBySurnameUIAction
dental_clinic/core/responses/CoreError.java
 dental_clinic.core.responses.CoreError
dental_clinic/core/services/FindPatientByPersonalCodeService.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.FindPatientByPersonalCodeService
dental_clinic/core/domain/ToothStatus.java
 dental_clinic.core.domain.ToothStatus
dental_clinic/core/services/AddVisitService.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.AddVisitService
dental_clinic/database/PatientDatabase.java
 dental_clinic.database.PatientDatabase
dental_clinic/console_ui/UIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.UIAction
dental_clinic/core/domain/Jowl.java
 dental_clinic.core.domain.Jowl
dental_clinic/console_ui/FindPatientByPersonalCodeUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.FindPatientByPersonalCodeUIAction
dental_clinic/console_ui/PrintPatientDatabaseUIAction.java
 dental_clinic.console_ui.PrintPatientDatabaseUIAction
dental_clinic/core/services/AddPatientValidator.java
 dental_clinic.core.services.AddPatientValidator
