lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_2_srp_level_class_interface/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_2_srp_level_class_interface.before.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/database/Database.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.database.Database
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/services/AddBookService.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.services.AddBookService
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_2_srp_level_class_interface/before/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_2_srp_level_class_interface.before.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_2_srp_level_class_interface/after/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_2_srp_level_class_interface.after.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/services/AddBookService.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.services.AddBookService
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_1_srp_level_method/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_1_srp_level_method.before.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/database/Database.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.database.Database
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/database/Database.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.database.Database
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/before/Database.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.before.Database
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/before/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.before.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/database/Database.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.database.Database
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/services/GetAllBooksService.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.services.GetAllBooksService
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/services/RemoveBookService.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.services.RemoveBookService
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.before.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_1_srp_level_method/after/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_1_srp_level_method.after.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_2_srp_level_class_interface/after/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_2_srp_level_class_interface.after.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/console_ui/AddBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.console_ui.AddBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_1_srp_level_method/before/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_1_srp_level_method.before.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/before/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.before.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/services/RemoveBookService.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.services.RemoveBookService
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/database/InMemoryDatabaseImpl.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.database.InMemoryDatabaseImpl
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/console_ui/ExitUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.console_ui.ExitUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_2_srp_level_class_interface/after/Database.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_2_srp_level_class_interface.after.Database
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/services/GetAllBooksService.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.services.GetAllBooksService
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/console_ui/UIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.console_ui.UIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/before/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.before.Book
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_2_srp_level_class_interface/after/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_2_srp_level_class_interface.after.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_3_srp_level_package/after/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_3_srp_level_package.after.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.before.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/before/BookListApplication.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.before.BookListApplication
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/code/after/console_ui/GetAllBooksUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.code.after.console_ui.GetAllBooksUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_4_srp_level_layer/after/console_ui/RemoveBookUIAction.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_4_srp_level_layer.after.console_ui.RemoveBookUIAction
lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle/homework/step_1_srp_level_method/after/Book.java
 lesson_2_single_responsibility_principle.homework.step_1_srp_level_method.after.Book
